[Music]
hi your senior from the bitumen is calm
and in this video I'll show you three
powerful remedies and tips that will
help you lose weight and so if you are
struggling to lose weight and you
desperately wants to lose weight then
this remedies will help you so you if
you follow these remedies for about a
month you will lose more than nine to
ten kg so let's get start with the first
remedy
so the first remedy that I am going to
share with you is cumin with last drink
so how to prepare this drink so for that
you require as cumin seeds so I am using
the organic cumin seeds and it doesn't
matter if you don't have organ if you
can use the normal trillion seeds so I
have prepared this cumin water so how I
prepared is just add around 2 TSP of
cumin seeds - 1 and 1/2 glass of water
and bring it to a boil let it boil on a
low flame for about five minutes and
then filter it and then here is the warm
water so your is that this cumin water
which I have already prepared it so now
I'll add
just add around
that is around 2 teaspoon of honey and
then lemon so this is around slice of
lemon sticker to juice
now mix it properly and it is ready what
here to do is drink this human lemon and
honey water every morning on an empty
stomach to lose weight so make sure it
is warm not hot so let me show you the
advantage of using this if you drinking
this human water so human there are a
great a rich source of dietary fiber
that suppress your appetite and controls
your cravings for food and lemon is a
rich source of antioxidants and it is
loaded with vitamin C that boost your
immunity and aids in weight loss and
honey gives you an instant energy and
also improves your immunity and so it
also this so drink this water for up to
one month if you really want to lose
about 10 kgs in a month so now we move
on to the second remedy so as you can
see the second remedy here is this is
curry leaves so what you have to do is
wash this curry leaves properly and then
eat around 7 to 8 curry leaves every
morning so to help in the reduction of
weight actually curry leaves attached in
the reduction of cholesterol for those
who are obese and overweight
we have problems losing weight so curry
leaves will help will help it eliminates
bad cholesterol and fats from your body
and helps in weight loss so I have eat
this curry leaves and every morning and
then drink a glass of warm water after
eating this
so now let's move on to the third remedy
now moving on to the third remedy the
third remedy for that you require is
this is a top off for warm water and
I'll be using apple cider vinegar and
then funny just mix around just require
only one teaspoon of apple cider vinegar
and then one teaspoon of honey
so mix it well
[Music]
it's apple cider vinegar drink twice in
a day that is once before having your
lunch that is 30 minutes before having a
lunch and then once in the evening to
lose weight
Sidda vinegar actually it helps in the
digestion of proteins it break down fat
cells and remove any unwanted toxins
from your body and it speeds up your
metabolism and thus it's a witless apart
from following these remedies let me
share with you some other tips that will
help you lose weight fast so the first
step is avoid oily sugary foods or any
art are artificial sweeteners of foods
that are high in starch because they
contribute to fat and the second tip is
have foods like cabbage cauliflower
green beans and broccoli and bottle
guard they are low calorie foods that
helps in weight loss and the third tip
is include more proteins to your diet
and foods that are and also include
foods that are rich in fiber like oats
loosely you can have it for breakfast
and consume consume dairy foods like a
curd and low-fat milk and soy milk and
whenever you feel trusty drink a glass
of warm water so a drink at least make
sure you drink at least five to six
liters of water and one of the most
important tip is
you have to exercise daily for at least
15 minutes you can do yoga or you can do
some cardio or you can go for a walk but
it is necessary that you must exercise
for 15 minutes to help you lose weight
so follow these remedies and tips to get
that slim tone and slim a still slim
trim and toned body so so if you follow
these remedies for up to a month you
will definitely lose more than 10 kg so
these were the remedies and tips to lose
weight so thanks everyone for watching
this video and for more such videos hit
the subscribe button and if you want to
find more information on weight loss
steps natural remedies or beauty tips
you can visit my site www.wymt.com and
this length you can find below my video
so times take care bye and see you until
the next video